Words of Wisdom
Agnes Allen's Law: Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.
Airplane Law: When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time.
Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives: No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly wanted to keep.
Baker's Byroad: When you're over the hill, you pick up speed.
First Law of Bicycling: No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.
Brooks's Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Grossman's Misquote of H. L. Mencken: Complex problems have simple, easy-to-understand wrong answers.
Rule of Accuracy: When working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the answer.  Corollary:  Provided, of course, that you know there is a problem.
Acheson's Rule of the Bureaucracy: A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.
Ade's Law: Anybody can win -- unless there happens to be a second entry.
Bradley's Bromide: If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee - that will do them in.
Civilization: Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can do without thinking of them.
Fred Allen's Law: I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
Beardsley's Warning to Lawyers: Beware of and eschew pompous prolixity.
Boling's Postulate: If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.
Laws of Programming: Definition:  A working  program is  one  that has  only unobserved bugs.
Rules of Pratt: #1 If a severe problem manifests itself, no solution is acceptable unless it is involved, expensive, and time consuming.
Computers vs People: One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
First law of programming: Problems that go away by themselves come back by themselves.
It is useless for the sheep to pass resolutions in favor of vegetarianism while the wolf remains of a different opinion.
Many are called, Few are chosen. Even fewer get to do the choosing.
Tell them 30 billion stars and they believe you. Say "Wet paint" and they check for themselves.
Entropy isn't what it used to be. (Al Vesper.)
Never try to teach a pig to whistle. It wastes your time, and annoys the pig.
No one can attain perfection but, if you chase perfection, you can catch excellence! (Vince Lombardi)
Murphy's 11th Law: It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are very ingenious.
